hello my movie addicts family we have a
treat for marvel fans many asked on how and
what order should they watch the marvel movies
today we will do a recap on where it all began
and we'll continue every day to follow through up
to the avenger and game we will start a recap on
action adventure sci-fi movie titled captain
america the first avenger this is where all
it began so stay tuned and come back every day
for our continuation and don't forget to click
the like button subscribed and hit the bell icon
to get notified for our every upload here in our
channel and now let's begin with the movie warning
heavy spoilers ahead bright headlights cut through
a thick sheet of snowflakes as scientists bundled
as warmly as possible treks through the sleet
two other men in matching black cold weather
uniforms approach the scientist he leads them
to an excavation site which is easily the size
of a football field at the center of the site
appears to be a giant wing and fuselage the black
suited men cut through the fuselage of the mystery
craft and enter inside they find the remains of a
massive frozen ship one of the men brushes away at
the snow and sees a shimmering red white and blue
shield encased in ice tunsburg norway 1942 two
caretakers for an ancient viking ruin listen as
their town is overrun by nazis suddenly the front
door blasts open one of the caretakers is killed
in the blast nazis pay no attention to the old man
but instead open the building's crips one by one
a dark figure appears in the exploded entryway
johann schmidt a high-ranking nazi and leader
of the hydra sect nonchalantly enters he crosses
the room comes to the difficult to open
sarcophagus and easily pushes the lid free
with it he finds the skeletal remains of an
old viking clutching a glass cube the tesseract
schmidt scoffs and tells how this cube would be
the jewel of adan's treasury if it weren't to fake
and goes to the caretaker asking where the real
cube is hidden the caretaker initially refuses but
under threat of harm to his family he relents
gesturing to a hidden drawer across the room
part of an ancient carving the size of the wall
schmidt pries the drawer open and finds the real
glowing cube concealed within schmidt orders his
men to shell the city and then shoots the luckless
caretaker at a recruiting station in brooklyn
steve rogers at 20 something 90 pounds five foot
tall asthmatic eagerly awaits the opportunity
to enlist in the united states army the army
doctor gives a once-over to steve's medical file
which reads like that of a 90-year-old man and
rejects steve's application as the military 4f
as this is his fourth failed attempt to enlist
distraught steve heads to the movies he envies
the enlisted man featured in the pre-show newsreel
and watches as other audience members tear up a
loud-mouthed impatient moviegoer begins yelling
at the screen start the movie i didn't pay to
see this crap steve tells the man to shut up
and is surprised as the man turns around stands
up in towers above him in the alley behind the
theater the bully savagely beats the scrunny steve
who bravely fights back but is easily overpowered
when his opponent asks him why he won't simply
give up the bloodied steve says i can do this
all day james bucky barnes steve's best friend
comes running to the alley he swiftly kicks the
bully away and tends to steve who is annoyed the
bucky showed up and got rid of the bully just as
steve got his second wind bucky is now an enlisted
man his application was accepted and he's been
assigned to the 107th infantry in a celebratory
mood bucky invites steve to go dancing with a pair
of girls on a double date bashfully steve tags
along the forehead to the world's fair in queens
while bucky canoodles with his dates steve watches
as playboy inventor howard stark unsuccessfully
demonstrates a flying car steve breaks away from
the group and goes to another recruiting station
bucky catches up with him and asks how steve
intends to forge his application this time
unbeknownst to them both dr abraham
erskine while passing by eavesdrops
on their conversation he is fascinated by the
gumption of steve bucky wishes steve good luck
on his latest application and steve heads into
the recruiting station for his fifth physical
inside steve sits on an examination table
and grows nervous when an mp enters the room
and is soon followed by doctor or skin dr erskine
has all of steve's prior applications on file
concerned by steve's failed applications erskine
tests his character by asking if his insistence
on applying for military service is driven purely
by a desire to kill nazis the young man sincerely
reveals that he is not a killer at heart but
does not like bullies regardless of their origin
he also shows little concern when erxine
reveals that he is german by birth
won over by steve strong will and unwavering
conviction irkseen accepts his latest application
in a secret military installation high in the
alps johann schmidt brings the glowing cube
to dr arnamzola his hydra weapons specialist the
cube's seemingly limitless power enables schmidt
and dr zola to power unstoppable energy guns
and cannons meanwhile steve has been enlisted
into basic training under the careful watch of dr
erskine and colonel chester phillips he and his
platoon are told that they are candidates for the
government's latest super soldier program phillips
is unimpressed with steve then is vexed by dr
erskine's interest in him during basic training
steve meets a beautiful but driven british officer
peggy carter who seems to pity him despite being
the smallest and weakest of the platoon steve
demonstrates the greatest spirit selflessness and
ingenuity especially when his platoon are charged
with retrieving a flag from the top of a tall pole
as the other more fit men in the company fail the
task one by one as they try to climb up the pole
steve casually pulls the pin holding it up taking
the flag when the pole crashes to the ground
phillips still unconvinced tosses a grenade into
the group during calisthenics and they all scatter
phillips is surprised when steve alone leaps on
top of it willing to sacrifice himself to save
the others before discovering that the grenade was
a dummy phillips concedes to erskine's decision
that evening dr erskine speaks with steve
the two bond over a bottle of schnapps and
dr erskine reveals that this is not his
first time performing this experiment
he tells a story of how prior to his emigration to
the u.s he was ordered by johann schmidt to create
a serum that would give a man god-like strength dr
erskine created an early version of the serum he
intends to use on steve only when schmidt injected
himself his body's skin corroded away leaving him
as a sinewy red skeleton undeterred by the risk
steve agrees to follow through with the procedure
the following morning steve and peggy win their
way through brooklyn for the procedure along the
way steve points out various parts in brooklyn
where he's been beaten up she asks him why he
never ran away he responds that running away
in his mind was an invitation for further abuse
the two enter the antique shop exchange
passcodes with an old woman manning the
register and descend into a secret
military bunker concealed within
peggy leads steve to the heart of the bunker where
they find dr erskine preparing a medical capsule
along with howard stark and colonel phillips
rubbing elbows with senators and dignitaries
steve is told to remove his shirt and sit in the
capsule stark describes that the procedure will
first mean injecting muscle regenerators into
roger's major muscle groups which will then
be bombarded with vita rays er skin has made no
secret of the pain steve will endure but promises
he'll come out stronger carter bid steve goodluck
and joins phillips in the overhead viewing chamber
erskine serum is injected into steve's muscles
and steve is enclosed within the vita ray capsule
the capsule glows brightly steve yells in pain
but also tells them to continue and the procedure
is quickly completed when the capsule is shut
down steve comes out a foot taller and a hundred
pounds heavier with solid muscle which is just the
most superficial aspects of his body artificially
raised to the maximum human potential everybody
including phillips celebrates the success of the
procedure and descends from the viewing chamber
to congratulate your skin alone dignitary
in actuality a german spy named heinz krueger
stays behind placing a small satchel on a chair
moments later the viewing gallery explodes krueger
descends the stairs and fatally shoots dr erskine
twice he swiftly kills the guards and flees onto
the streets with peggy in hot pursuit steve tends
to a dying doctor skin who has just enough energy
to point to steve's heart before he dies in the
street peggy pursues kruger and easily kills his
getaway driver krueger steals a taxi and aims to
run over peggy steve arrives in the nick of time
saving her from being killed by the oncoming taxi
steve pursues the taxi on foot running faster than
a normal human can and not suffering the fatigue
even a healthy man would displaying superhuman
agility he leaps onto the roof of the taxi
dodges krueger's gunfire and the two come to a
crashing stop at the brooklyn docks krueger shoots
at steve who holds the star imprinted door of the
wrecked cab in front of him as a shield krueger
flees to his hydra sub which dives underwater just
as steve arrives steve dives after the sub punches
a hole through the cockpit's glass and yanks
krueger to the surface krueger tells steve that
he is the first of many that rogers can cut off
one head but two more take its place he then kills
himself with a cyanide capsule hidden in a fake
tooth letting out one last hylhydra before dying
meanwhile schmidt and dr zolo are visited by
a trio of hitler's top commanders tasked with
inspecting schmidt's operation they're ridiculed
schmidt saying that the nazi party no longer takes
him and hydra seriously due to his obsession with
magic and the occult and playfully refer to him
as the red skull a name that infuriates schmidt
schmidt takes the three to his weapons lab where
they are shown his unstoppable energy weapons and
a strategic map of europe dotted with targets one
of the three notices a target hovering over berlin
and confronts schmidt schmidt quickly vaporizes
the three nazi officers schmidt announces that
hydra has disbanded from the nazi party and is now
enemies with the world the following day phillips
and carter pick up the remains of dr erskine's lap
both are despondent because the only person
capable of producing the serum was erskine himself
steve is eager to go the front lines of the
european theater but phillips would rather he
be a lab rat than a soldier in his army steve is
approached by a senator holding a newspaper of the
prior day's events emblazoned with a front-page
photo of steve chasing down hines krueger
steve has become an overnight celebrity and
the senator has an idea that will be mutually
beneficial steve is enlisted in the uso united
service organizations and travels around the
midwest promoting war bonds and performing musical
numbers in a shoddy red white and blue costume
while carrying a triangle-shaped shield bearing
the stars and stripes he takes on the name captain
america and the show includes a theme song written
specifically for him features dancing girls and a
short segment where he punches out hitler played
by an actor captain america becomes an overnight
success spawning comic books and black and white
movies his antics drum up revenue for the uso
steve is soon taken overseas to italy where
he is to continue entertaining the troops
upon his arrival the surly and war-torn
men tease him and tell him to get lost he
is soon met by carter who along with phillips
is overseeing european theater of the war she
tells him that the men are unhappy because many
men from their division the 107th infantry have
been killed in battle steve realizes that this is
bucky's division and quickly runs to see phillips
phillips is unable to find bucky's name on his
casualty list and tell steve to go back to his
job as a movie star and a cheerleader steve asks
carter where the men and bucky are being held she
shows him a map and a known hydra weapons factory
30 to 40 miles behind enemy lines steve hastily
pulls on a pair of army trousers and leather
jacket over his captain america costume he aims to
steal a jeep and drive into hydra's backyard but
she has a better idea howard stark flies them both
over the battlefield in his private plane steve
surmises that stark and carter have a relationship
and bashfully withholds his feelings for
her just as anti-aircraft guns from hydra
begin firing on stark's plane steve parachutes
in while the other two escape back to safety
inside schmidt and zolo are manufacturing enough
weapons to wipe out every capital in the world
steve stealthily makes his way into the hydra
base taking out numerous guards in the process
steve makes his way to the holding cells where
he sees some of the imprisoned men from the 107th
he frees the men and tells them to make a messy
exit under the leadership of the howling commandos
the prisoners managed to overpower their captors
steal guns and tanks and escape from the facility
destroying much of it schmidt watches steve by
cctv and quickly realizes that he must be your
skin's man he quickly activates several explosive
charges that will level the base steve makes his
way through the facility and happens across with
bucky who is tied down to an operating table
and has quite obviously been tortured steve also
notices an oversized tactical map mounted on the
wall with various marked installations steve frees
bucky who is surprised to see that steve is taller
than him and commits the map to memory the two
head up the catwalks and find themselves face to
face with schmidt on a retractable bridge rogers
punches schmidt who surprisingly stands his ground
schmidt plays with his face which has apparently
come free from his skull and quickly peels it
away as a mask the red skull stares back at
rogers and bucky and swiftly enters an elevator
in the elevator the red skull tells arnhem zola
to meet him at another one of hydra's bases and to
take his car the red skull escapes the exploding
facility in a strangely designed private plane
while zola sneaks away in schmidt's roadster
inside steve and bucky have a huge divide
to cross to their freedom bucky crosses a
trembling buckling support beam and manages to
cross to safety moments before the beam plummets
into the fire below left with no other option
steve backs up as far as he can and leaps over
the burning chasm back at the 107th base camp
phillips dictates a letter to his typist telling
how rogers disappeared the prior night and likely
perished during the battle at that phillips
berates agent carter for causing this loss
and notes that unlike the indispensable stark
she herself can be punished carter attempts to
justify her actions but phillips bluntly dismisses
her opinions considering that the loss of rogers
the only successful test subject of project
rebirth would be ample justification to close
down their organization just then rogers arrives
with nearly 400 survivors of the 107th carrying
samples of the red skulls technology including
some combat vehicles leaving the base in a fervor
rogers submits himself to phillips for
disciplinary action for going out in
direct violation of orders but is forgiven at
this success bucky calls for cheers for rogers
who has truly become captain america the news
of captain america's success on the battlefield
has swept over the world but rogers does
not appear for his medal from congress
the reason for that absence is in london
where steve gives phillips and carter his best
recollection of the hydra base map and tells them
that he intends to go to those bases and destroy
them one by one and wishes to recruit a team
of men made up of those he liberated in italy
steve meets the howling commandos in a bar and
they eagerly accept the offer while they're all
the men are surprised as peggy enters dressed
in a form-fitting cocktail dress she ignores
all the men including bucky and flirts with steve
telling him that she'd love to have a dance with
him someday the next day steve is summoned to
the brooklyn bunker to see phillips and stark
steve is approached by a beautiful female officer
who wishes to thank him for his service the best
way she knows how peggy walks in on steve kissing
the enlisted woman and angrily storms away
steve apologetically follows her to stark's lab
insisting that he gets nervous around women and
asks why he should apologize if carter and stark
have a thing going stark quickly shoots down the
rumored relationship and takes steve to his
weapons engineering lab he remarks that rogers
has become attached to the triangular shield
which steve says is a handy tool in the field
on a table are several prototype shields with
sophisticated components however steve finds
a plain circular shield on the lower shelf stark
explains that the shield is made of a metal called
vibranium which is lighter than steel and is
vibration resistant and will absorb heavy impacts
he holds the shield in front of him and asks peggy
for his opinion she playfully scornfully fires a
clip from a .45 pistol at the shield which steve
ducks behind the shield passes the improvised test
admirably as she walks off steve passes a sketch
of a uniform to stark steve dresses in red white
and blue fatigues dons a blue form-fitting helmet
and stows the newly colored shield onto his back
captain america and his soldiers including bucky
make their way across europe flattening hydra's
bases one by one with rogers becoming quite
skilled at using the shield as a projectile weapon
and also discovering that it can ricochet off
several surfaces and not lose any velocity
news of his exploits reach the red skull and
zola the skull is furious referring to rogers as
a simpleton with a shield and murders the last
man alive at one of his destroyed facilities
high in the alps steve and his men have
a mission to capture zola in his personal
train three members of the team cap bucky and
gabe jones zipline across a massive chasm and
storm the train car by car soon cap and bucky
are cornered by heavily armed hydra soldiers
they narrowly defeat the soldiers however bucky
is tossed from the train and plummets into an icy
river below but zola is apprehended zola while
in a prison cell is visited by colonel phillips
who brings him a steak dinner zola rejects
the meal convinced that it must be poisoned
phillips shrugs and eats it himself he tells zola
that he broadcast an easily decipherable message
which has certainly been intercepted by hydra
saying that zola had defected he also knows that
zola is easy to bargain with since he's the sole
hydra agent they've captured who hasn't taken his
cyanide capsule to avoid disclosing information
zola fearing that the lie will result in his death
by the red skull gives in to phillips and tells
him information of the red skull's only remaining
hydra base rogers selves in a war-ravaged
bar carter arrives and comforts steve over
the loss of his best friend steve realizes that
dr erskine's serum rapidly regrows dead cells
making it impossible for him to get drunk the
two flirt a bit and talk about having a dance
once again rogers and his team prepare a battle
plan to take down red skull at his headquarters
rogers dressed in a new uniform mounts a harley
and charges the base he easily dodges hydra
soldiers and tanks and finds himself within the
base surrounded by a hydra army he is taken into
custody and led to the red skull's private weapons
lab red skull asks what makes steve so special
steve says nothing i'm just a kid from
brooklyn moments before members of his team
zip line into red skull's office a climatic
fire fight ensues as hundreds of soldiers
under the direction of phillips and carter
storm the base killing many hydra soldiers
red skull flees to his private hangar in which
a gigantic flying wing powered by the tesseract
is preparing for takeoff steve attempts to
catch up with the plane on foot but is unable
phillips and carter arrive in the skulls roadster
and the three take off after the plane just as
steve is about to leap onto the plane peggy
stops him and kisses him steve leaps from the
roadster onto one of the plane's massive wheels
he sneaks into the craft where he finds dozens
of kamikaze planes missiles each labeled with
a different major american city hydra soldiers
soon enter the room and steve battles them taking
out numerous men in tiny planes one of the planes
labeled new york drops free steve takes off after
it and manages to commandeer the craft and crashes
it back into the flying wing after throwing the
pilot through its rearward mounted propeller
inside the large cockpit captain america
and red skull have a fisticuffs battle
red skull fires his cube energy pistol at steve
who easily deflects the shots using his shield
a shot is deflected into one of the cockpit center
consoles which contains the glowing blue cube
the console is damaged and skull lifts the
cube into the air suddenly a portal opens
above him showing starry space the red skull
glows brightly and is seemingly disintegrated
his remains are swept up into the cosmos the
cube still glowing brightly drops to the ground
and burns its way down through the plains hall
before plummeting into the ocean below steve
mans the plane's controls and radios carter he
tells her that the plane is on a flight path
that will take them to the eastern seaboard he
tells her that their dance will have to wait
he pushes the plane into a dive and crashes it
into a glacier below peggy can only hear static
steve awakens in a 1940s hospital an old-fashioned
radio transmits the play-by-play of a brooklyn
dodgers game he gets up looks out the windows
and watches as the hospital door opens
a young nurse who bears a striking resemblance to
peggy enters she waits for a response from steve
who looks her over suspiciously he asks why the
radio is playing a game from may 1941 specifically
a game that he knows he attended he flees the
building and finds himself in times square
circa 2011 nick fury appears and carefully speaks
to steve he tells him that he's been asleep in ice
for 70 years in a state of suspended animation the
hospital set was meant to gradually introduce him
to modern society still perplexed steve breathes
heavily and sadly tells fury that he had a date
as he realizes everyone else he used to know
in the 1940s is long dead or very old now
in a post-credits scene steve is in an
old-fashioned gym he pummels a punching bag so
hard that he knocks it off its chain and sends
it flying across the room fury enters the gym
and asks steve if he's had trouble sleeping steve
cynically asks if fury has come with another
mission fury replies that it is affirmative
suddenly we see images of all the superheroes
who include steve or captain america thor
tony stark or iron man hawkeye black widow
bruce banner the incredible hulk and other shield
agents preparing for battle fury tells him that
they're up his personal mission to build an army
of superheroes is complete previewing the avengers
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next
videos
you